config filename
input filename
testing filename
output-model filename
input-model filename
inferencer-filename filename
evaluator-filename filename
output-state filename
output-topic-keys filename
topic-word-weights-file filename
word-topic-counts-file filename
xml-topic-report filename
xml-topic-phrase-report filename
output-doc-topics filename
doc-topics-threshold decimal
doc-topics-max integer
num-topics integer
num-threads integer
num-iterations integer
random-seed integer
num-top-words integer
show-topics-interval integer
output-model-interval integer
output-state-interval integer
optimize-interval integer
optimize-burn-in integer
use-symmetric-alpha boolean
use-ngrams boolean
use-pam boolean
alpha decimal
beta decimal
gamma decimal
delta decimal
delta1 decimal
delta2 decimal